1.Chicken breast seasoning
You only need a handful of seasoning ingredients for this one: paprika (mild, sweet or smoky), brown sugar (or a brown sugar substitute for Keto readers), oregano (or Thyme), onion powder, garlic powder, salt and pepper.

All of these ingredients together smothered all over your chicken breasts makes MAGIC and the perfect balance. The brown sugar lets the chicken sweat while baking, making our baked chicken breast even juicer! Much like our your favourite Chili Lime Chicken.

How long to cook chicken breasts?
Large chicken breasts (7oz or 200g) take about 20-22 minutes to cook. Medium-sized breasts (5 – 6oz or 150 – 180g) take about 18-20 minutes. You also have the option of throwing on your broiler in the last 2 minutes to get  crispier edges!

Cooking them at high heat ensures the crispy, caramelised edges, while keeping your chicken super juicy on the inside. Once the chicken is golden and caramelised, it’s cooked! Let it rest for about 5 minutes to recirculate all of those natural juices through the meat.

2.The Chicken Breast Seasoning
Made with just brown sugar, paprika, oregano, garlic powder, salt and pepper, the secret ingredient in this is brown sugar:

Makes more seasoning, so you can coat the breast thoroughly and give it a beautiful crust without overpowering it with lots of spices that need longer to cook than chicken breast does; and
Makes it juicy –  the chicken sweat while it bakes, so you end up with wetness that makes the chicken more juicy than the usual baked chicken breast.
Yes it adds sweetness but don’t worry, this baked chicken breast is still savoury!


How long to cook chicken breast
A medium chicken breast will take 18 – 20 minutes to bake at 220C / 425F. Cooking it hard and fast at a high temperature is the secret to gorgeous caramelisation and ultra juicy chicken inside. No dried out breast around here!!

The seasoning for this chicken is actually a really great indicator for when the chicken is cooked to perfection. Basically, once the surface of the chicken is caramelised, it’s cooked to perfection inside so get it out of the oven!

